Is that all. Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer?
You tried so hard to escape.
But you should be
reaching your limits. right?
Unfortunately…
What's this?
His cursed energy is rising.
I'll start working overtime.
Overtime?
Time-related constraints?
Was he limiting his cursed energy?
This is interesting!
My cursed technique
is to force the seven to three ratio
into weakness when dividing
the enemy into equal parts.
Not only the height and limbs
can be divided equally.
but I can also use it on the head. body.
upper arm. forearm. and so on.
And my cursed technique
works on non-creatures as well.
Is he disclosing his cursed technique?
I guess you're serious.
-The methods to kill this Curse Spirit…
-Playing…
-that I can think of now is…
-tag again?
One. continue to inflict damage
until it runs out of cursed energy.
But it's unrealistic.
Another way…
is to blow it into pieces in one blow!
Ratio Technique. Collapse!
What amazing power.
No. wait a minute.
His cursed energy dissipated.
Could it be that…
It's an expanded cursed technique that
injects cursed energy into his target!
It's an attack that hits both of us.
I guess I should…
…evade it.
I'll retreat temporarily.
You better fix your leg
as soon as possible.
Let's meet again if we both stay alive.
What?
That's strange.
Did the earth shake for a while just now?
Yes. it felt like
a magnitude two earthquake.
No good. Mr. Ijichi isn't picking up.
-Can I ask him already?
-What?
Actually. is it a good idea
to be honest with him?
Speaking of which. how much can I
explain about Jujutsu High School?
The number you have dialed
cannot be reached at the moment.
Answer it!
Wait!
What should I do?
A vortex button?
That's right.
If you meet a student
with a vortex button.
you should be nice to them.
They are Jujutsu Sorcerers.
You'll get along with them.
But Jujutsu Sorcerers
are Mahito's enemies. right?
Forget it! I'll just ask!
Hey. someone died in the cinema
you went to before.
Did you see anything?
Like this gross thing. for example.
No. I didn't see it.
I only started to
see these things recently.
I see.
All right. I have nothing else to ask.
That quick?
But you still have to wait
for someone who's like my boss.
Is that fine?
Okay.
Hey.
What did you watch in the cinema?
It's a rereleased old movie.
You wouldn't know.
Just tell me.
The Human Centipede 3.
That one is so boring!
I got beaten several times
because of that.
Beaten?
Gosh.
But it's a violent movie.
Maybe we shouldn't ask for
anything other than a bloody scene.
-But the second installation--
-The second installation was interesting!
Yes. that's right!
Only the second installation is enjoyable.
-Enjoy?
-Jackpot.
Have you seen the whole series?
The second movie looks the same
as the first and third movies.
but it gives a detailed
emotional description on
how a perfectionist gives up on himself.
Mother.
No wonder the second movie was good!
Why?
I didn't understand
why it was interesting at first.
so I watched it three times.
The second movie
was the most gruesome too.
so it was hard for me.
Why would you go that far?
Do you like movies. Itadori?
I've been watching it lately
for some reason.
but I didn't watch it in a cinema.
I see.
But when you watch interesting films
in a cinema. it feels really touching.
Although video on demand
is more convenient.
When was the last time I went there?
If you have a movie suggestion.
bring me along next time.
What?
Do you want my contact number?
Here.
How do I add friends on this again?
What? Is that you. Junpei?
Mother!
It's rare to find you here.
Is he your friend?
I just met him.
We just met. but we can be friends!
Really? Please play with him more.
-Mother!
-What?
Cigarettes.
Didn't I tell you not to smoke?
I'm sorry.
We agreed not to smoke in front of you.
What's your friend's name?
I'm Yuji Itadori!
Ma'am. the green onions don't suit you.
Wow. you can tell?
My goal is to become a woman
who doesn't suit green onions.
What are you saying?
How about it. Yuji?
Want to come over for dinner?
Hey! You're causing trouble for him!
What? Is it troublesome to eat my cooking?
ZOOMING
GROWLING
Is there anything you don't like?
What about allergies?
None at all!
What?
Unlike his appearance.
he's really reckless!
-You had a great fight.
-Geto!
That guy was interesting.
I've learned a lot.
Is that so?
Even if I'm crushed. I won't die
if I maintain the shape of my soul.
Consuming cursed energy
is also a type of self-sufficiency.
And no matter how I change my soul.
there's no risk at all.
I'll try something bolder next time.
Geto. give me clothes.
No.
Where's the Jujutsu Sorcerer
who fought with you?
I have no idea.
He said he's going to retreat for a while.
Maybe he's still under the rubble.
What?
You're going to Junpei Yoshino's house?
-That's…
-It's okay.
-I'm going to have dinner.
-Dinner?
I'll come right away.
If something feels wrong.
please get out of there.
Even if Junpei Yoshino
was the perpetrator of this incident.
the current Itadori
won't be killed so easily.
But this is my negligence
as his supervisor.
Let's not talk about
the carefree Mr. Gojo.
If I get scolded by Mr. Kento.
the most mature man ever.
I might cry.
Let's hurry up!
I don't want to cry in front of others
at this age!
CALLING
KENTO NANAMI
He called earlier than I expected!
I'm going to get scolded!
Yes. I'm sorry.
What?
I sent you my location just now.
please pick me up.
I'll go back to Jujutsu High School
and find Ms. Ieiri for treatment.
Treatment?
I'm okay. It's not fatal.
That's great.
I'll meet up with Itadori first
and find you after.
Aren't you together?
I'm such a fool.
I practiced it many times.
Your body is perfect for experimentation.
I'm so lucky.
That Cursed Spirit is just a kid.
It probably hasn't been long
since he manifested.
He grew up greedily and enjoyed it.
The Special Grade Cursed Spirit
that fought with Mr. Gojo
has learned Domain Expansion.
If that Cursed Spirit is still alive.
it won't take long
for him to be this strong.
Furthermore. the number of victims
is far beyond our expectations.
Help me.
We must exorcise him as soon as possible.
Before it's too late.
And then?
And then Takashi said this confidently.
This is an alien larva!
It might be poisonous.
Don't touch it. everyone!
And when I picked it up.
it was just the konjac strip
from our lunch!
Did you hear that? It's a konjac strip!
-Mother. you drank too much.
-Itadori. you're hilarious!
Here. make a joke with this.
This drunkard is horrible.
Wilson!
-Forgive me. Wilson!
-That's from Cast Away. right?
Correct!
I don't understand.
Is it a movie joke?
It's fire!
Your mother is a good person.
She is.
School?
-Isn't it fine? Just don't go.
-What?
Boys your age tend to overthink things.
The school is just a small aquarium.
There are seas and other larger aquariums.
Choose what you like.
I say some nice things!
That's a great quote!
As expected of myself!
What kind of person is your mom?
Well…
I've never seen her before.
and I have a vague memory about my father.
But I do have a grandfather.
Sorry. I got a call.
Hello. Mr. Ijichi?
Yes. I'm okay.
We're going to watch a movie.
Yes.
-I'll see you in two hours.
-Two hours--
You're a Jujutsu Sorcerer. right. Itadori?
Yes.
Should I have said that?
-Have you ever killed anyone?
-What?
No.
But you'll need to fight
with other bad Jujutsu Sorcerers.
What will you do then?
Even so. I don't want to kill anyone.
Why not? They are bad people.
How should I put it?
If I kill once.
the option of killing
will appear in my life.
The value of life becomes ambiguous.
I won't understand the value
of someone important to me.
I'm scared of that.
"A human has no heart."
I was saved by this idea.
He gave me strength.
However. if the soul is stained
because I killed someone…
I can't…
kill anyone.
Gosh. I fell asleep.
Has Yuji gone back?
Oh. no. it's already so late!
I need to clean up.
What?
What's this?
A finger?
After the incident
at Satozakura High School.
Junpei Yoshino found her mother.
Nagi Yoshino's body.
and Sukuna's left pinky finger at home.
It was believed that Nagi Yoshino
was attacked by
a Cursed Spirit
that was attracted to the finger.
Part of her lower body was missing.
No bloodstains were found at the scene.
Nagi Yoshino's body was found
lying in the bedroom.
When the blanket was taken off.
there were refrigerants
and ice packs all over the body.
Do you think I'll hold you back. Nanami?
You got hurt! Bring me along next time.
"My comrade died. but I wasn't there."
"Because I'm still a kid."
How can I say that?
You're strong enough to save others.
I don't want to say that.
No.
As you know. that stitched-face
Cursed Spirit uses transfigured humans.
There are hopeless people in the world.
As long as you're doing this job.
you'll encounter someone
that must be killed someday.
But now's not the time.
Even so. I don't want to kill anyone.
I'm scared of that.
Please understand.
Being a child is never a sin.
Please keep an eye on Junpei Yoshino.
I don't have black clothes.
so I opened my mother's wardrobe
and grabbed the first
black pair of clothes I could find.
I breathed in the familiar morning air.
and took the usual path to school.
Today…
This is Sukuna.
It's a cursed object that attracts curses.
Why did this thing appear at my house?
There are many Curse Users
who earn money by cursing people.
I guess they did it.
You can kill someone with a curse
as long as you have the way and money.
Does someone come to mind?
A person that hates you and your mother.
Or a shady person who's rich and free.
Certificate of Recommendation.
The top prize in the National Book Report
Competition goes to…
Shota Ito.
-One. two.
-Shota!
This is making me embarrassed.
I'm glad that our student…
-can receive such an honorable award.
-What are you doing?
Didn't I tell you to write casually?
It even won the best award.
-I hope everyone can develop…
-Want to die?
I'm sorry.
And you're only shortlisted.
Shota is really cool.
-Right?
-Really?
It's not bad that he's a rich kid.
What?
What's that black thing?
What? Where?
"Emerge from darkness.
that which is darker than black."
"Purify this impurity."
It's a success.
I'm sorry. Mahito.
I can't leave any residuals behind.
What's the use of Veil?
It prevents anyone
within the area from leaving.
But it's limited to humans
with weak cursed energy.
It's an unannounced Veil
that appears in the residential area.
The windows will report it soon.
I hope the situation you wish for
comes true.
It should work out.
The moment Junpei met Sukuna's vessel.
luck was already on our side.
Let them fight.
Then I'll force Yuji Itadori
into a Binding Vow.
which will assert
Sukuna's superiority over him.
If only Jogo was as levelheaded as you…
His straightforward personality
is quite cute.
In any case. is it really okay?
Isn't the finger precious?
It's okay.
The finger in the detention center
was quickly absorbed by Yuji Itadori.
I want Jujutsu High School to take
the one left in Junpei Yoshino's house.
Really?
Is that a conspiracy?
I guess you can say that.
Well then. I'll get going.
What?
You're leaving?
You should watch too. Geto.
It will definitely be fun…
watching the demise of foolish children.
Hey!
What's wrong. everyone?
Pull yourself together. Are you okay?
They won't die.
What?
Yoshino?
Why?
No.
Do you know what's happening?
Take a closer look. Mr. Sotomura.
You… Those scars…
That's…
The things that have happened so far
and the things that will happen…
Yoshino…
I have something to ask you.
Did you put that thing in my house?
What are you talking about--
What's going on?
What did you do?
This isn't getting anywhere.
Do you think you can answer
questions with questions?
You're going to die
regardless of your answer!
Because I can't tell if you're lying.
Besides. you're guilty for
what you've done to me!
Let me see your sincerity
at your last moment.
I'm sorry…
And then?
So?
What?
What are you doing. Junpei?
Step aside. Jujutsu Sorcerer.
The floor plan's good.
but a three-burner stove portends death.
Burn. Mount Hiei!
Matsutake for aroma! Shimeji for flavor!
Signs of autumn are disappearing
along with your loved ones' tears!
Next time.
episode 12 of Jujutsu Kaisen!
"Bloodshed Autumn Leaf-viewing."
What's being hunted is your heart.